So here we're gonna
take a bit of a detour.
And we're gonna just focus on the HTML,
the CSS, and
get everything looking nice and available.
Again, I wrote a decent amount
of the CSS for you, and
then we're gonna write
some of it together.
I wrote all the animations because
I'm not a CSS animation person.
It took me a while to write these and
I'm probably not the best
person to teach them to you.
But there's great courses on
CSS on Frontend Masters, so
definitely go check those out.
Okay, so let's go back to our editor.
And I'm just going to close this.
So the first thing is we're
gonna over to index.html, and
we're just gonna put
some more stuff in here.
So inside of the head,
we need to import our CSS.
So the first thing we're gonna
put in is a link to a stylesheet.
And the first one we'll
put in is ./sprites.css.
Okay, and you can even look here in as
soon as I did that we got a nice little
background cuz I set up that for you.
And again, I'm assuming that you're
doing this with the sprites.css there,
the background, and the pet, that
should all be in this source directory.
If not,
you should go grab that now from the repo.
Okay, we're also gonna put one in here,
href equals and
we're gonna make one of our own, which
we haven't created yet called style.css.
Okay?
And then let's go down into the body.
So and
it will put down there at the bottom.
The first thing is we're gonna
have div class="container".
Let's commute the container for
the entire course of the game.
So I'm gonna show you a little
hack that I do with VS code now.
You saw I can type out
div class="container" or
with VS code has a thing
called Emmet built into it.
It's what generated our HTML shell for us.
If I put .inner,
like the CSS selector for that.
And I just hit tab,
it'll complete it out to full HTML,
Which is pretty nice.
Emmet is available for
other editors as well just search.
I think it's emmet.io, E-M-M-E-T.io.
Okay?
And then we're just gonna put some more
divs in here that we can use to style.
So we're gonna put .game .day cuz
we're gonna start a game in day.
We're not gonna put anything in it.
We're gonna put .fox .hidden.
Not put anything in that.
We're gonna put the poop back,
that's very important poop-bag and
that's gonna be hidden upfront as well.
Then we're gonna put the foreground,
-rain.
So when it rains there's like
the the rain that actually comes down.
That's what this is.
We're put the frame which
is gonna the game frame,
like the actual plastic part of the game,
right?
That's what the frame is.
And then we're gonna put a modal,
M-O-D-A-L,
that's the name of the element
that like pops over with the text.
It's purple in the game.
And inside of modal,
we're gonna have .modal-inner.
And inside of that, we're gonna have
Press the middle button to start.
Okay, we're getting close here.
So outside of modal, One thing I wanna
say is if you're trying to follow
along with My CSS and using spreads.css,
you do need to have the same structure and
the same CSS classes as me or
My CSS is not gonna work for you.
So it's important that you
copy this kind of exactly.
And if something's not working,
just go copy and
paste the index.html from any one
of the sections from the repo.
Yeah, just grab it from
the next milestone.
That's probably what I will say.
So underneath the modal, we're gonna
make a div and call it buttons and
inside of that, we're gonna put buttons.
And then inside of the buttons,
we're gonna have three different buttons.
So we're gonna do .ptn, and
we're gonna make three of them with Emmet.
If I put the times 3 there, it'll actually
generate three exactly of what I put in.
So now I'm gonna have
three buttons in here.
One of them's gonna be the left button.
As you might have guessed,
this one is the middle button.
And unsurprisingly, the right button.
Underneath the buttons,
then we're gonna have icons.
So here we're gonna put in icons.
And inside of that,
we're gonna have three icons, so .icon*3.
And here we're gonna have highlighted for
the first one cuz it's gonna
be highlighted at first.
The fish icon, the poop icon,
and the weather icon.
And these are all the different
things that they can select, right?
Okay, so you should be able to save that.
And if we look at our terminal,
it's probably gonna be upset.
I'm getting some crazy error.
The problem that we have right now
is we don't have a style.css and
we said that there's gonna be.
And so Parcel's upset that we're trying
to reference a file that doesn't exist,
right?
So the next thing we're gonna do is
we're gonna go make that style.css so
that it stops yelling at
us that doesn't exist.
So make a new file inside
of your source directory.
So fox-game, here inside of source,
we're gonna make a new
file called Style.css.
Okay, we're not gonna do
anything with it right now,
it's totally fine that it's empty.
An empty CSS file is still valid.
And I'm gonna just stop and
start my server again.
And you can see it's happy now.
So if I refresh, we kinda see this,
it's just a bunch of stuff on a page.
But you can see here's all
the stuff I've kinda done for you.
Here's the icons, these all have
hover states and active states.
If I press the button, they go red.
But nothing's happening.
It's all style with no brains, right?
It has no JavaScript associated with it.
So it's not gonna do anything.
But you should be seeing
something akin to this.
If you don't, don't worry in just a second
there's gonna be another milestone which
is css-completed.
And you can just grab all that stuff and
if anything here fell behind.
And the next thing we're gonna do is
we're gonna write a bit of CSS to make
this all look nice.